give this gift my fight and quite biba
anviz bio on natural further and gas
although necessary
at
in one of his interviews without a car
they say that among the potentially dangerous
places where action would take place far
cry 4 they even considered Siberia
harsh cold conditions have the opportunity
meet dangerous animals but in the end
it was decided to stop at the Himalayas
go have all the same action only
occurs at a much higher altitude
game history unfolds in
a fictional place called kira
young guy named jack gale
comes there to fulfill the will
dead mother development dust but nothing
fails since the first two
minutes of playing our car with a hero and
other people who turn out to be
rebels attack local people
king pagan mine with whom actually
and fighting these rebels calling themselves
the gold path further goes the standard
the development spirit of far cry 3 and films with
similar badge theme and see hope
rebels and the leader he does not remain
nothing else to start fighting
erasing pagan although it turned out
Alternatively still there and their
several can for example get one
from alternative endings where we are not
we will have to fight the media literally
first 14 minutes of the game and this is not
the only secret ending like
say the developers themselves after
incendiary prologue throw us out
sandbox when looking at which eyes
naturally crawl out of orbit
firstly the game world is stunning beautiful
you can just walk around it
admire the beauty of the mountains of forests and rivers
as in the case of the recent unity
designer yubisoft want to shake hands
this is really a great job in
second sandbox is huge as soon as i
knocked out the first tower but without them
the camera rushed to the ground and beyond
several overflights showed territory
wild square and when i opened the map and
estranged and it was hit on hit her
size not exceeding this
a piece of ten at least
thin water
and here it is a huge territory
tradition is filled with the same huge
the number of sides and random events
the traditional task is to take and
ports are similar to the capture of checkpoints from
third part only ports here at times
more harder to take them also here is full
standard missions bounty hunt
treasure search help enpis and of course
same animal hunting
she hasn't changed much
but added a new beast like
elephants rhinos and even hiding
somewhere the yeti remained without special
changes and random events going through
mountain pass trying not to fly away
narrow road see the rebels
fighting the army of the king only
we start to shoot like slices
jumps out some kind of animals are attacking
at all indiscriminately the law of the open world
out of the headlights, the edge 3 has not gone anywhere and is great
work here
if you put all these factors together and
add here dynamic skirmishes
with which the game is very saturated
quite to yourself pretty well essentially the same
headlight edge 3 only bigger and better though
no, the game would be great now
talk about the whole tar ladies which
the developers shamelessly banged here
you know there is such a joke that is very
well illustrates this whole situation
why am i the worst company at least
Yes, because Yubisoft is in
france so here's the key claim is
yubisoft is the most funny thing minus
standard claims of this kind
games and which I will tell later
headlights edge 4 turned out cool but kills
French relations to their gram lived
This is the natural optimization that is here
compared to unity, it's perfect
many deciding periodic hangs and
tobacco black screen after failure
missions or some cut-scenes this is not
opportunity to change the voice acting and of course
same missing attention licensed version
cc you play and the result was funny for
minus optimization patched pirate
turned out to be a cure for all the problems here and
nasty you play no and voice without
problems put the original just not
opportunities to play co-op without
which is much more boring to play because
he works everywhere except story missions
that is to say roughly you can pass
percent 70 games where as faster and with
great pleasure
and here begins those very
standard problems of similar games about
which I promised to tell
the cooperative is insanely cool however many
mission without it is very, very difficult
pass the same ford and brothers whether
to free the hostages last from me
In general, it happened that after several
zapara vanyu similar mission just
knocked out the game since run last
checkpoint to the desired point and again
fight the terrorists on two fronts
I'm tired
the next moment actually
terrorists
for starters I will say that as in the case of
recent advanced warfare chief
Charismatic Dude's villain
part-time quickly pushed on
second plan so it turns out that first
we are shown a huge scene with him
deliver the drive interspersed with madness
peygana mine and then lets go on everything
four sides to communicate with the king
kirata on the radio
some kind of nonsense villain himself came out quite good
by the way compared to the vaas from the past
parts voices him again troy
baker which i call scarlett
johansson gaming industry well and
certainly not gone away convention
similar stories if headlights edge 3 of
glamorous cloth diligently loved
island rambo then in this part a hero with
the first minutes in batches mows down enemies
lara croft syndrome face plowed floor
pirate riddled with bullets dozens or even
hundreds of terrorists of mating belly
the animal is disgusted though ok
you can still argue with that
here's the plot side when we would face
poked moral choice yes here again
there is a dilemma between bad and good
just the border by the end of the game between them
completely blurred genuine
surprise they bad tell us and you
he also look at who you turned
so sorry not got out the very beginning of the game
I was forced to do it but as I have
said this all the standard niggles
which is enough for many games only
here it is too striking
for example fell from the mountain were treated but how
pulled out of the hand and bullet
what it is but hereby they
conditional jamb is for example
the moment we set the alarm
on our watch there we somehow twist
bezel which is generally another function
perform honestly say I was amazed
such an error given how good
the French have worked other small
the details
but what can not close my eyes
so exactly so let's say this factor
yubisoft that's seriously objectively a game
get cool in her stick
possible for a long time if you have it
There is of course plenty
but the tradition of the French to steam their
projects all apartments as well as new manners
solve this kind of problem having failed
players albeit free but buggy
far cry 4 games are definitely worth it
not just to play it
buy because there is pay there for
that's just not a big amount on
This I have all with you was a joker
keep watching me subscribe
call friends here and put likes
video as well as write in the comments
did you like far cry 4 or not all
until